README.md, before:

# Postman API Automation Integration with Github Actions #

This repository is a demonstration for POC for integrating postman tests with github actions. The tests are written in postman and they are executed on the VM with the help of newman and newman-reporter-htmlextra.
Github Actions will trigger the project execution on every push to the main branch. You can also execute the project manually using workflow_dispatch. The project runs on a scheduled time with the help of the cron job.

The HTML report is archived and kept in the artifact section for the team to download it. Along with that they can view the report directly from the github page : https://saravanan-ramaraj.github.io/Phoenix-Inwarranty-Flow/
The latest report is mailed to the stakeholders using gmail SMTP.


 ## Tech Stack ##
 1. Postman
 2. Node js 24v
 3. Newman
 4. Newman-Reporter-Htmlextra
 5. Github Actions
 6. Gmail SMTP
 7. Github Pages
 8. CSV for Data Driven Testing
 9. AWS-EC2 instance for Self hosted github runner

Commit message:

Revise Node.js version and enhance README
Updated Node.js version and added project running instructions.

README.md, after:

# Postman API Automation Integration with Github Actions #

This repository is a demonstration for POC for integrating postman tests with github actions. The tests are written in postman and they are executed on the VM with the help of newman and newman-reporter-htmlextra.
Github Actions will trigger the project execution on every push to the main branch. You can also execute the project manually using workflow_dispatch. The project runs on a scheduled time with the help of the cron job.

The HTML report is archived and kept in the artifact section for the team to download it. Along with that they can view the report directly from the github page : https://saravanan-ramaraj.github.io/Phoenix-Inwarranty-Flow/
The latest report is mailed to the stakeholders using gmail SMTP.


 ## Tech Stack ##
 1. Postman
 2. Node js 22v
 3. Newman
 4. Newman-Reporter-Htmlextra
 5. Github Actions
 6. Gmail SMTP
 7. Github Pages
 8. CSV for Data Driven Testing
 9. AWS-EC2 instance for Self hosted github runner

## Github Pages ##
You can directly view the latest test report of the Postman Test at the Github Page Link : ttps://saravanan-ramaraj.github.io/Phoenix-Inwarranty-Flow/

## How to run the Project? ##
You can run the project on your local system for that:
1. Clone the Project on Local System: https://github.com/Saravanan-Ramaraj/Phoenix-Inwarranty-Flow.git
2. Install Nodejs and NPM from https://nodejs.org/en
3. Install Newman using npm install -g newman
4. Install Newman-reporter-htmlextra using npm install -g newman-reporter-htmlextra
5. Run the Newman Command:
             newman run 'Inwarranty-flow-collection.postman_collection.json' \
             -e QA.postman_environment.json \
             -d testdata.csv \
             -r cli,htmlextra \
             --reporter-htmlextra-export ./newman/index.html

## HTML Report ##
The report will be created in the Newman folder
![Postman Report](https://github.com/Saravanan-Ramaraj/Phoenix-Inwarranty-Flow/blob/static-content/Newman.report.png)
